# Honda Cars Application

## Introduction
We are incredibly grateful to Honda Cars India Ltd for giving us an opportunity to work for their prestigious organization. The project in question is intended to be an Android Operating System based application that provides users with a one stop experience for all their needs relating to Honda Automobiles. The application will let the users explore the various offerings by Honda in different segments and will also allow them to experience the cars firsthand while providing up to date information regarding the lineup offered. Existing owners of Honda cars will have the pleasure of locating service stations and booking servicing appointments from the application itself. Prospective buyers can learn more about the product of their choice and obtain information about financing options.

## Objective
The goal of this software is to give existing users with technology that allows them to enjoy risk-free driving with the GPS Speed Tracker and Gate Pass Generator for customers' convenience, allowing them to enter with ease during these difficult times. For the betterment of their purchase experience, we can also organize test drives for customers through the app and give them with an EMI calculator. The application also enables the users to view different models that are offered by Honda and can also book them online. It also gives the location of various Honda Dealers & Service Centers with an option to find nearby Dealers & Service Centers. The application aims to be a one stop solution for its users from before sales service to after sales service.
